de/appplant/cordova/plugin/badge/BadgeImpl.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.BadgeImpl
io/ionic/keyboard/CDVIonicKeyboard.java
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$1
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$2
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$3
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$3$1
org/apache/cordova/device/Device.java
 org.apache.cordova.device.Device
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/action/ActionGroup.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.action.ActionGroup
org/apache/cordova/splashscreen/SplashScreen.java
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$2
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$3
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$7
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/receiver/AbstractClearReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.receiver.AbstractClearReceiver
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/receiver/AbstractClickReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.receiver.AbstractClickReceiver
io/ionic/starter/MainActivity.java
 io.ionic.starter.MainActivity
org/apache/cordova/statusbar/StatusBar.java
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$1
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$2
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$3
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$4
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$5
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$6
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$7
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$8
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$9
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Request.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Request
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/trigger/IntervalTrigger.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.IntervalTrigger
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.IntervalTrigger$1
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/receiver/AbstractTriggerReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.receiver.AbstractTriggerReceiver
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/UriMatcher.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.UriMatcher
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/trigger/DateTrigger.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.DateTrigger
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.DateTrigger$Unit
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/ClearReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.ClearReceiver
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/LocalNotification.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.LocalNotification
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.LocalNotification$1
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.LocalNotification$2
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.LocalNotification$3
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/IonicWebView.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebView
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebView$1
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/IonicWebViewEngine.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine$1
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine$ServerClient
org/apache/cordova/whitelist/WhitelistPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$1
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$CustomConfigXmlParser
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/TriggerReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.TriggerReceiver
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Builder.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Builder
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Options.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Options
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/trigger/MatchTrigger.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.MatchTrigger
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.MatchTrigger$1
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/badge/Badge.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$1
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$2
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$3
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$4
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$5
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$6
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Notification.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Notification
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Notification$Type
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/action/Action.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.action.Action
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Manager.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Manager
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/AndroidProtocolHandler.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.AndroidProtocolHandler
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/util/AssetUtil.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.util.AssetUtil
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/ClickReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.ClickReceiver
io/ionic/starter/BuildConfig.java
 io.ionic.starter.BuildConfig
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/util/AssetProvider.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.util.AssetProvider
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/WebViewLocalServer.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$1
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$2
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$AssetHostingDetails
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$LazyInputStream
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$LollipopLazyInputStream
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$PathHandler
